# El modelo de zonas horarias de `pytz`
<br/>

* El objecto `timezone` es una factoria que adjunta el `tzinfo`:

```python
>>> LOS_p = pytz.timezone('America/Los_Angeles')
>>> dt = LOS_p.localize(datetime(2017, 8, 11, 14, 0))
>>> print_tzinfo(dt)


2017-08-11 14:00:00-0700
    tzname:   PDT;      UTC Offset:  -7.00h;        DST:      1.0h
```
<br/>

* Los `tzinfos` son todos *desplazamientos fijados*

```python
>>> print(repr(LOS_p))
&lt;DstTzInfo 'America/Los_Angeles' LMT-1 day, 16:07:00 STD>

>>> print(repr(dt.tzinfo))
&lt;DstTzInfo 'America/Los_Angeles' EDT-1 day, 20:00:00 DST>
```

<br/>

* El modelo de Python está deseñado ser *perezoso*, pero lo de `pytz` es *ansiosa*.

Notes:

Well, you may be saying to yourself, didn't `pytz` exist for like 10 years and everyone used it very profitably? How did `pytz` solve this? Maybe we can solve it the same way.

And `pytz` did have a solution to this, but unfortunately, the thing is that `pytz`'s time zone model is actually fundamentally different than datetime's. Because instead of `pytz` giving you time zones that embody a set of rules and then lazily construct `timedeltas` for your offsets and things like that, what `pytz` is doing is that its time zones are basically factories for `datetime`s.

So what you're supposed to do is you create one of these time zone objects and then you call the `localize` method on it, and then you pass it a naive datetime. And then what it does is it will eagerly calculate the offset and the TZ name and the DST, and then it will create a fixed offset zone and attach that to your datetime. So basically, `pytz` is giving you a separate static offset for each `datetime`.

--

# Manejando horas ambiguas y imaginarias con `pytz`

Ya que se evaluan los desplazamientos de manera ansiosa, es posible representar `datetime`s que solo se diferencian por su desplazamiento por ajuntandoles desplazamientos differentesa ellos.

El argumento `is_dst` de los métodos factorias tiene tres modos:

- `is_dst=False` (por defecto): elige el lado STD si ambiguo

```python
>>> ambiguo = datetime(2004, 10, 31, 1, 30)

>>> print_tzinfo(LOS_p.localize(ambiguo, is_dst=False))
2004-10-31 01:30:00-0500
    tzname:   EST;      UTC Offset:  -5.00h;        DST:      0.0h
```


- `is_dst=True`: elige el lado DST si ambiguo

```python
>>> print_tzinfo(LOS_p.localize(ambiguo, is_dst=True))
2004-10-31 01:30:00-0400
    tzname:   EDT;      UTC Offset:  -4.00h;        DST:      1.0h
```

- `is_dst=None`: Eleva un error si ambiguo o imaginario

```python
>>> LOS_p.localize(ambiguo, is_dst=None)
AmbiguousTimeError                        Traceback (most recent call last)
...
    362         if is_dst is None:
--> 363             raise AmbiguousTimeError(dt)

AmbiguousTimeError: 2004-10-31 01:30:00
```

Notes:

And this lets it handle the ambiguous and imaginary times, because it takes in its `localize` method as a parameter like `is_dst` where if you pass it `True` and it is ambiguous, then it chooses the daylight saving time side, if you pass it `False` it chooses the standard time side. And if you pass it `None`, it'll throw an error.

So it's able to differentiate between these two because it'll just give you a different static offset depending on how you've chosen to resolve the ambiguous cases.

--

# Problemas con el modelo de `pytz`

* Requiere calculación ansiosa — ajuntar una zona `pytz` directamente da resultos equivocados:

  ```
  >>> dt = datetime(2020, 5, 1, tzinfo=LOS_p)
  >>> print_tzinfo(dt)
  2020-05-01 00:00:00-0753
      tzname:   LMT;      UTC Offset:  -7.88h;        DST:      0.0h
  ```

* Tienes que `normalize()` datetimes despues de hacer aritmética con ellos:
 
  ```python
  >>> dt = LOS_p.localize(datetime(2020, 5, 1))
  >>> dt_add = dt + timedelta(days=180)
 
  >>> print_tzinfo(dt_add)
  2018-02-07 14:00:00-0700
      tzname:   PDT;      UTC Offset:  -7.00h;        DST:      1.0h
 
  >>> print_tzinfo(LOS_p.normalize(dt_add))
  2018-02-07 13:00:00-0800
      tzname:   PST;      UTC Offset:  -8.00h;        DST:      0.0h
  ```

Notes:

But there are problems with this.

For one thing, you actually *do* need to do that `localize` step. If you directly attach one of these time zones to your datetime — if you pass it to the constructor — it's going to give you a weird, wrong answer. In practice it usually gives you something like LMT, local mean time, that's some non-integer number of hours of offset.

And a lot of people don't realize this, and then they have bugs in their code. Similarly, if you do datetime arithmetic on them — like you add 180 days or something and now you're past the DST transition — in the standard model, `datetime` does the calculation, then attaches the same `tzinfo` object at the end, but since the `tzinfo` you've attached is this static thing produced by the `pytz` factory function and `pytz` doesn't get called again to try and recalculate the offset, it means you have to actively tell it to do the recalculation and attach a new `tzinfo` if necessary.

This is why `pytz` has this `normalize` method, which is basically saying, "Attach the right `tzinfo` for this date and time in this zone.

And again, a lot of people don't know you have to do this, so they don't call `normalize` and it causes bugs.

So the ergonomics of this are not great, and so that wasn't going to be the solution.



is expecting to do this is it does the calculation, then it attaches the same `tzinfo` to the output. But since these are static and `pytz` has no option to recalculate anything, this means that you have to do something to do that recalculation. So it has this `normalize` method. And again, a lot of people don't know that you have to do this, and they don't call `normalize`, and it causes bugs. So the ergonomics of this...
